RN 4.2 - Updated links (#1753)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.2.md

### Content edit tabs

> Content editing screen is now enriched with a [tab switcher](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/administration/back_office/content_tab_switcher/), allowing easy access to metadata such as taxonomies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content editing screen is now enriched with a [tab switcher](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.2/administration/back_office/content_tab_switcher/), allowing easy access to metadata such as taxonomies.
```

The view can be extended with custom tabs.

![Tabs in content edit view](4.2_content_edit_tabs.png)

### Grouped attributes in Page block

> If a Page block has multiple attributes, you can now group them with the [`nested_attribute` parameter](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/content_management/pages/page_block_attributes/#nested-attribute-configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Page block has multiple attributes, you can now group them with the [`nested_attribute` parameter](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.2/content_management/pages/page_block_attributes/#nested-attribute-configuration).
```
